

                  Questions To Be Answered
NOTE: the following questions will be read by a program.  Please enter
the information on the empty line FOLLOWING each question.  These
questions will give me some information about you to set up the
grading data base and also to help me assign you to your team.


On the following blank line, enter your name (Last, First):
Castillo, Jake

On the following blank line, enter the lab section you are in (001,002,003,004):
003 
 
On the following blank line, enter your wiliki login id:
jakecast

On the following blank line, enter the last 4 digits of your UH ID:
0535

On the following blank line, tell me what name you prefer going by:
Jake

On the following blank line, enter your major (EE,CENG,ME,CE, etc.):
EE

On the following blank line, enter your class standing (Fr,So,Jr,Sr,Grad):
Fr

On the following line, enter a comma separated list of other classes you are taking:
CHEM 161, ENG 100, MATH 241 
 
On the following line, enter your overall GPA:
2.54 
 
Enter the results of your learning style questionaire
exactly as shown on the results page on the following line:
Relfective(9)/Sensing(3)/Visual(3)/Sequential(3) 
 



You may answer the following questions by adding as many
lines as you need:

(1)  What kinds of computers, Operating Systems, and software
     applications have you used before?
I have worked with Mac OS, Windows and Linux based operating systems in
the past.
(2)  Have you done any programming?  If so, what languages?
I have worked with java and a little bit of c in the past.
(3)  Do you have a laptop?  If so, what kind?
I have a 15 inch Macbook Pro.
(4)  Do you dorm?  commute from nearby?  or commute from far away?
I commute from Kailua.
(5)  Why are you taking this course? (just briefly).
I am taking this course to fulfil my programming requirement, but I very
interested in what this course has to offer.
(6)  What do you expect to get from this course?
I expect to be able to understand C to the best of my ability and also make
friends.
